Graph.md, before:

# OpenID Connect and OAuth Specification Graph

```mermaid
graph LR

  %% --- OpenID Connect ---
  subgraph OpenID_Connect
    OIDC_Core["OpenID Connect Core 1.0"]
    OIDC_Discovery["OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0"]
    OIDC_Reg["OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0"]
  end

  %% --- OAuth 2.0 RFCs ---
  subgraph OAuth_2_0_RFCs
    RFC6749["OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework (RFC 6749)"]
    RFC6750["Bearer Token Usage (RFC 6750)"]
    RFC7522["SAML 2.0 Profile for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7522)"]
    RFC7523["JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Client Authentication and Authorization Grants (RFC 7523)"]
    RFC7636["PKCE for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7636)"]
    RFC7591["Dynamic Client Registration (RFC 7591)"]
    RFC7592["Dynamic Client Registration Management (RFC 7592)"]
    RFC8414["Authorization Server Metadata (RFC 8414)"]
    OAuth2_MultiResp["OAuth 2.0 Multiple Response Type Encoding Practices"]
  end

  %% --- JOSE / JWT ---
  subgraph JOSE_JWT
    RFC7515["JSON Web Signature (JWS) (RFC 7515)"]
    RFC7516["JSON Web Encryption (JWE) (RFC 7516)"]
    RFC7517["JSON Web Key (JWK) (RFC 7517)"]
    RFC7518["JSON Web Algorithms (JWA) (RFC 7518)"]
    RFC7519["JSON Web Token (JWT) (RFC 7519)"]
    RFC9068["JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens (RFC 9068)"]
  end

  %% --- Discovery / Metadata ---
  subgraph Discovery_Metadata
    RFC7033["WebFinger (RFC 7033)"]
  end

  %% --- UMA (User-Managed Access) ---
  subgraph UMA
    UMA_Grant["UMA 2.0 Grant for OAuth 2.0"]
    UMA_FedAuthz["UMA 2.0 Federated Authorization"]
  end

  %% ---- Edges: OAuth 2.0 internal references ----
  RFC6750 --> RFC6749
  RFC7522 --> RFC6749
  RFC7523 --> RFC6749
  RFC7523 --> RFC7519
  RFC7636 --> RFC6749
  RFC7591 --> RFC6749
  RFC7592 --> RFC7591
  RFC8414 --> RFC6749
  RFC8414 --> RFC7591
  OAuth2_MultiResp --> RFC6749

  %% ---- Edges: OIDC depending on OAuth / JWT ----
  OIDC_Core --> RFC6749
  OIDC_Core --> RFC7519

  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC6749
  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC8414
  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC7033

  OIDC_Reg --> RFC6749
  %% RFC 7591 explicitly references OIDC Dynamic Client Registration
  RFC7591 --> OIDC_Reg

  %% ---- Edges: OIDC internal references ----
  OIDC_Core --> OIDC_Discovery
  OIDC_Core --> OIDC_Reg

  %% ---- Edges: JOSE internal references ----
  RFC7515 --> RFC7518
  RFC7516 --> RFC7518
  RFC7517 --> RFC7518
  RFC7517 --> RFC7515
  RFC7517 --> RFC7516

  %% ---- Edges: JWT depending on JOSE ----
  RFC7519 --> RFC7515
  RFC7519 --> RFC7516
  RFC7519 --> RFC7517
  RFC7519 --> RFC7518

  %% ---- Edges: newer JWT/OAuth profile referencing others ----
  RFC9068 --> RFC6749
  RFC9068 --> RFC6750
  RFC9068 --> RFC7519
  RFC9068 --> OIDC_Core
  RFC9068 --> OIDC_Discovery

  %% ---- Edges: UMA depending on OAuth / JWT ----
  UMA_Grant --> RFC6749
  UMA_Grant --> RFC6750
  UMA_FedAuthz --> RFC6749
  UMA_FedAuthz --> RFC6750
  UMA_FedAuthz --> UMA_Grant

  %% ---- Clickable links for each node ----
  click RFC7033 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7033" "WebFinger (RFC 7033)"

  click RFC6749 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749" "OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework (RFC 6749)"
  click RFC6750 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750" "Bearer Token Usage (RFC 6750)"
  click RFC7522 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7522" "SAML 2.0 Profile for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7522)"
  click RFC7523 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7523" "JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Client Authentication and Authorization Grants (RFC 7523)"
  click RFC7636 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636" "PKCE (RFC 7636)"
  click RFC7591 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7591" "Dynamic Client Registration (RFC 7591)"
  click RFC7592 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7592" "Dynamic Client Registration Management (RFC 7592)"
  click RFC8414 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8414" "Authorization Server Metadata (RFC 8414)"
  click OAuth2_MultiResp "https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-multiple-response-types-1_0.html" "OAuth 2.0 Multiple Response Type Encoding Practices"

  click RFC7515 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515" "JSON Web Signature (JWS) (RFC 7515)"
  click RFC7516 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7516" "JSON Web Encryption (JWE) (RFC 7516)"
  click RFC7517 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7517" "JSON Web Key (JWK) (RFC 7517)"
  click RFC7518 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7518" "JSON Web Algorithms (JWA) (RFC 7518)"
  click RFC7519 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519" "JSON Web Token (JWT) (RFC 7519)"
  click RFC9068 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9068" "JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens (RFC 9068)"

  click OIDC_Core "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Core 1.0"
  click OIDC_Discovery "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0"
  click OIDC_Reg "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0"

  click UMA_Grant "https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/rec-oauth-uma-grant-2.0.html" "UMA 2.0 Grant for OAuth 2.0"
  click UMA_FedAuthz "https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/rec-oauth-uma-federated-authz-2.0.html" "UMA 2.0 Federated Authorization"
```

Commit message:

Adds RFC 7521 assertion framework to OAuth diagram
Introduces RFC 7521 as the foundational assertion framework that both SAML and JWT profiles build upon, improving the accuracy of OAuth specification relationships.

Updates dependency relationships to show RFC 7522 and RFC 7523 extending from RFC 7521 rather than directly from the core OAuth framework, reflecting the actual specification hierarchy.

Graph.md, after:

# OpenID Connect and OAuth Specification Graph

```mermaid
graph LR

  %% --- OpenID Connect ---
  subgraph OpenID_Connect
    OIDC_Core["OpenID Connect Core 1.0"]
    OIDC_Discovery["OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0"]
    OIDC_Reg["OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0"]
  end

  %% --- OAuth 2.0 RFCs ---
  subgraph OAuth_2_0_RFCs
    RFC6749["OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework (RFC 6749)"]
    RFC6750["Bearer Token Usage (RFC 6750)"]
    RFC7521["Assertion Framework for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7521)"]
    RFC7522["SAML 2.0 Profile for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7522)"]
    RFC7523["JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Client Authentication and Authorization Grants (RFC 7523)"]
    RFC7636["PKCE for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7636)"]
    RFC7591["Dynamic Client Registration (RFC 7591)"]
    RFC7592["Dynamic Client Registration Management (RFC 7592)"]
    RFC8414["Authorization Server Metadata (RFC 8414)"]
    OAuth2_MultiResp["OAuth 2.0 Multiple Response Type Encoding Practices"]
  end

  %% --- JOSE / JWT ---
  subgraph JOSE_JWT
    RFC7515["JSON Web Signature (JWS) (RFC 7515)"]
    RFC7516["JSON Web Encryption (JWE) (RFC 7516)"]
    RFC7517["JSON Web Key (JWK) (RFC 7517)"]
    RFC7518["JSON Web Algorithms (JWA) (RFC 7518)"]
    RFC7519["JSON Web Token (JWT) (RFC 7519)"]
    RFC9068["JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens (RFC 9068)"]
  end

  %% --- Discovery / Metadata ---
  subgraph Discovery_Metadata
    RFC7033["WebFinger (RFC 7033)"]
  end

  %% --- UMA (User-Managed Access) ---
  subgraph UMA
    UMA_Grant["UMA 2.0 Grant for OAuth 2.0"]
    UMA_FedAuthz["UMA 2.0 Federated Authorization"]
  end

  %% ---- Edges: OAuth 2.0 internal references ----
  RFC6750 --> RFC6749
  RFC7521 --> RFC6749
  RFC7522 --> RFC7521
  RFC7523 --> RFC7521
  RFC7523 --> RFC7519
  RFC7636 --> RFC6749
  RFC7591 --> RFC6749
  RFC7592 --> RFC7591
  RFC8414 --> RFC6749
  RFC8414 --> RFC7591
  OAuth2_MultiResp --> RFC6749

  %% ---- Edges: OIDC depending on OAuth / JWT ----
  OIDC_Core --> RFC6749
  OIDC_Core --> RFC7519

  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC6749
  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC8414
  OIDC_Discovery --> RFC7033

  OIDC_Reg --> RFC6749
  %% RFC 7591 explicitly references OIDC Dynamic Client Registration
  RFC7591 --> OIDC_Reg

  %% ---- Edges: OIDC internal references ----
  OIDC_Core --> OIDC_Discovery
  OIDC_Core --> OIDC_Reg

  %% ---- Edges: JOSE internal references ----
  RFC7515 --> RFC7518
  RFC7516 --> RFC7518
  RFC7517 --> RFC7518
  RFC7517 --> RFC7515
  RFC7517 --> RFC7516

  %% ---- Edges: JWT depending on JOSE ----
  RFC7519 --> RFC7515
  RFC7519 --> RFC7516
  RFC7519 --> RFC7517
  RFC7519 --> RFC7518

  %% ---- Edges: newer JWT/OAuth profile referencing others ----
  RFC9068 --> RFC6749
  RFC9068 --> RFC6750
  RFC9068 --> RFC7519
  RFC9068 --> OIDC_Core
  RFC9068 --> OIDC_Discovery

  %% ---- Edges: UMA depending on OAuth / JWT ----
  UMA_Grant --> RFC6749
  UMA_Grant --> RFC6750
  UMA_FedAuthz --> RFC6749
  UMA_FedAuthz --> RFC6750
  UMA_FedAuthz --> UMA_Grant

  %% ---- Clickable links for each node ----
  click RFC7033 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7033" "WebFinger (RFC 7033)"

  click RFC6749 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749" "OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework (RFC 6749)"
  click RFC6750 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6750" "Bearer Token Usage (RFC 6750)"
  click RFC7521 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7521" "Assertion Framework for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7521)"
  click RFC7522 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7522" "SAML 2.0 Profile for OAuth 2.0 (RFC 7522)"
  click RFC7523 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7523" "JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Client Authentication and Authorization Grants (RFC 7523)"
  click RFC7636 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7636" "PKCE (RFC 7636)"
  click RFC7591 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7591" "Dynamic Client Registration (RFC 7591)"
  click RFC7592 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7592" "Dynamic Client Registration Management (RFC 7592)"
  click RFC8414 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8414" "Authorization Server Metadata (RFC 8414)"
  click OAuth2_MultiResp "https://openid.net/specs/oauth-v2-multiple-response-types-1_0.html" "OAuth 2.0 Multiple Response Type Encoding Practices"

  click RFC7515 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7515" "JSON Web Signature (JWS) (RFC 7515)"
  click RFC7516 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7516" "JSON Web Encryption (JWE) (RFC 7516)"
  click RFC7517 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7517" "JSON Web Key (JWK) (RFC 7517)"
  click RFC7518 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7518" "JSON Web Algorithms (JWA) (RFC 7518)"
  click RFC7519 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519" "JSON Web Token (JWT) (RFC 7519)"
  click RFC9068 "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9068" "JWT Profile for OAuth 2.0 Access Tokens (RFC 9068)"

  click OIDC_Core "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Core 1.0"
  click OIDC_Discovery "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Discovery 1.0"
  click OIDC_Reg "https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-registration-1_0.html" "OpenID Connect Dynamic Client Registration 1.0"

  click UMA_Grant "https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/rec-oauth-uma-grant-2.0.html" "UMA 2.0 Grant for OAuth 2.0"
  click UMA_FedAuthz "https://docs.kantarainitiative.org/uma/wg/rec-oauth-uma-federated-authz-2.0.html" "UMA 2.0 Federated Authorization"
```
